This directory contains a dynamically loadable tcl extension which
supports random number generation.  This extension defines a tcl
command called "random" which returns a random value.  The
distribution from which the value is taken is specified by the command
arguments. 

This source is *apparently* freeware; no authorship or copyright has been
declared in the source.

By default, with no arguments the number is taken uniformly from [0..1)

   "random -reset" will cause the generator to be reseeded using
   current pid and current time.

   "random -integer [a [b]]" will cause the number returned to be rounded
   down to the largest integer less than or equal to the number which
   would otherwise be returned.  By default, the number returned is
   within the range of a 32-bit signed integer.  It is capable of
   returning numbers up to 64 bits unsigned.  With option "random
   -integer a", the number returned will be between (-a) and (+a).
   With option "random -integer a b", the number returned will be
   between (a) and (b).

   "random -bitstream [n]" will generate a uniform random binary value
   of length n.  The value returned is in string form, with
   effectively unlimited length.  By default, the number returned is
   a 32-bit value (32-character string).

   "random -normal m s" will cause the number returned to be taken
   from a gaussian with mean m and standard deviation s.

   "random -exponential m" will cause the number returned to be taken
   from an exponential distribution with mean m.

   "random -uniform low high" will cause the number returned to be
   taken from uniform distribution on [a,b).

   "random -chi2 n" will cause the number returned to be
   taken from chi2 distribution with n degrees of freedom.

   "random -select n list" will cause n elements to be selected at
   random from the list with replacement.

   "random -choose n list" will cause n elements to be selected at
   random from the list without replacement.

   "random -permutation n" will return a permutation of 0..n-1

   "random -permute $list" will return a permutation of $list
